What’s the synonym for the word “Synonym” ?
Antonym,Similar Word,None of the above,c
Which ocean is off the California coast?
The Pacific,The Pacific,The Atlantic,b
What type of fish is Nemo?
A clownish,A catfish,A bluefish,a
How many pairs of wings do bees have? 
Three,Five,Two,c
When do leaves die?
In the summer,In the fall,In the winter,b
What is the name of Harry Potter’s pet owl?
Hedwig,Headhwig,None of the above,a
How many sides does a triangle have?
one,Four,Three,c
Which planet in our Solar System is known for having a ring?
Jupiter,Uranus,Saturn,c
In which capital city of Europe would you find the Eiffel Tower?
Paries,France,Paris,c
A scientist who studies rocks is called a what?
A Mineralogist,A geologist,A astrobiologist,b
Who was the first man to step on the moon?
Neil Armstrong,Aldrin,Michael Collins,a
What could make Harry Potter invisible?
Invisibility potion,Invisibility Spell,Invisibility Cloak,c
In sports, what is an MVP?
Most Valuable Player,Most valuable player,Mitral Valve  Prolapse,a
How many continents are there in the world?
Eight,Seven,Five,b
Two of the planets in our solar system begin with the letter M, can you name them?
Mars and Mercury,Mars and Mercury,Mers and Mercury,b
What kind of tree do acorns come from?
Queries,Lithographs,Oak,c
How many bones do sharks have?
one,Two,Zero,c
What is the name of molten rock after a volcanic eruption?
Lava,Magma,Vent,a
What is the part of the human eye that controls the amount of light that passes through the pupil?
The retina,The iris,The cornea,b
Can you name the closest star to Earth?
The Wolf,The Sun,The Lutyens,b
What was the last name of the flying pioneers Orville and Wilbur?
Write,Wright,None of the above,b
In what country were the Olympic Games invented?
United States,Greece,Russia,b
Who invented the telephone?
Alexander Graham Bell,Guglielmo  Marconi,Mayans,a
The Statue of Liberty came from which country to the United States?
Greece,France,Russia,b
Who painted the Mona Lisa?
Duccio,Vincent Van Gogh,Leonardo Da Vinci,c
Which famous ocean liner sank on her first voyage in 1912?
The Titanic,The Carpathia,Seawise Giant,a
Which country did Justin Bieber come from?
Germany,Canada,Greece,b
What do you get when you boil water?
Vapour,Steam,Stem,b
In what movie will you find characters who are looking for a brain, a heart, and courage?
The Wizard of Oz,The wizard of Oz,all of the above,a
What is the largest continent?
Africa,Asia,Europe,b
What is the tallest mountain in the world?
Mauna Kea,Mount Everest,Chimborazo,b
How many Great Lakes are there?
Five,Three,Two,a
What is the imaginary line called that connects the north and south pole?
Prime Meridian,Equator,Maridian,a
What gulf is located to the south of Florida?
The Gulf of Alaska,The Gulf of Guinea,The Gulf of Mexico,c
What is the hardest natural substance?
A Graphene,A diamond,A Dyneema,b
What name represents the letter "M" in the NATO phonetic alphabet?
Mike,Milano,Martha,a
Typewriter is the longest word that can be typed using only the first row on a QWERTY keyboard.
False,True,Not given,b
Which of these is the name of a Japanese system of alternative medicine, literally meaning "finger pressure"?
Majimi,Ukiyo,Shiatsu,c
What character was once considered to be the 27th letter of the alphabet?
Ampersand,Amparsend,none of the above,a
When did the website "Facebook" launch?
2006,2009,2004,c
Apple co-founder Steve Jobs died from complications of which form of cancer?
Colorectal,Pancreatic,Prostate,b
The scientific name for the Southern Lights is Aurora Australis?
True,Not given,False,a
What is the full title of the Prime Minister of the UK?
Minister for the Civil Service,First Lord of the Treasury,First Loard of the Treasary,b
A doctor with a PhD is a doctor of what?
Philosophy,Physical Therapy,Psychology,a
Which essential condiment is also known as Japanese horseradish?
Karashi,Ponzu,Wasabi,c
Which of these countries was not a part of the Soviet Union?
Belarus,Poland,Georgia,b
In a 1994 CBS interview, Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates performed what unusual trick on camera?
Jumping over an office chair,Standing on his head,jumping backwards over a desk,a
An organic compound is considered an alcohol if it has what functional group?
Hydroxyl,Carbonyl,Alkyl,a
What is the unit of currency in Laos?
Kip,Ruble,Dollar,a
What element does 'O' represent on the periodic table?
Osmium,Oxygen,Oganesson,b